Bump @docusaurus/types from 3.8.0 to 3.9.2 (#419)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/storage/services/pinning/index.md

---
layout: rsk
title: RIF Storage Pinning service
---

## RIF Storage Pinning service

> The RIF Storage Pinning service, found in the RIF Marketplace, is a place where the demand for storing data meets with offers of parties that want to land their free disk space in monetary exchange. The main goal is to provide a registry where storage Provides can announce their empty storage and conditions under which they are willing to offer it to 3rd parties. The Consumers can enter into service agreement with a given Provider, lending their storage in exchange for R-BTC or RIF tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RIF Storage Pinning service, found in the RIF Marketplace, is a place where the demand for storing data meets with offers of parties that want to lend their free disk space in exchange for economic compensation. The main goal is to provide a registry where storage Providers can announce their empty storage, and conditions under which they are willing to offer it to 3rd parties. The storage Consumers can enter into service agreement with a given Provider, lending their storage, in exchange for R-BTC or RIF tokens.
```

I"m assuming the "land" was intended to be "lend" here. Another alternative I would suggest is "rent out".

Also swapping "monetary" for "economic", since the former can be perceived as being specific to fiat, whereas the latter is broader term.
